LINUX FILESYSTEM HIERARCHY STANDARDS
Linux doesn't use seperate drive letters, like windows. Insteaatd, all drives are organised under one directory structure starting at /slash)
 BIN-This stores important executable programs
 BOOT-This contains all the files needed to boot the system such as linux kernel 
 DEV-This aren't really files but physical devices. Contains static files for the boot loader.  This directory holds only the files which are needed during the  boot  process. The map  installer  and  configuration  files should go to /sbin and /etc.  The operating system kernel (initrd for example) must be located in either / or /boot.
 ETC- Contains configuration files which are  local  to  the  machine.Some larger software packages, like X11, can have their own sub‐directories below /etc.  Site-wide configuration  files  may  be placed  here  or in /usr/etc.  Nevertheless, programs should always look for these files in /etc and you  may  have  links  for these files to /usr/etc.
 HOME-On machines  with home directories for users, these are usually beneath this directory, directly or not.  The structure of  this directory depends on local administration decisions (optional).
 LIB- This  directory should hold those shared libraries that are necessary to boot the system and to run the commands  in  the  root Filesystem.
 MOUNT- This directory contains mount points for removable media such as CD and DVD disks or USB sticks.  On systems where more than  one device exists for mounting a certain type of media, mount directories can be created by appending a digit to the name of  those available above starting with '0', but the unqualified name must also exist.
 MNT- This directory is  a  mount  point  for  a  temporarily  mounted filesystem.  In some distributions, /mnt contains subdirectories intended to be  used  as  mount  points  for  several  temporary filesystems.
 OPT- This  directory  should  contain  add-on  packages  that contain static files.
 PROC- This is a mount point for the proc  filesystem,  which  provides information  about  running  processes  and  the  kernel.
 ROOT- This directory is usually the home directory for the  root  user
 SBIN- Like /bin, this directory holds commands needed to boot the system, but which are usually not executed by normal users.
 SRV- This directory contains site-specific data  that  is  served  by this system.
 SYS- This  is  a mount point for the sysfs filesystem, which provides information about the kernel like /proc, but better  structured, following the formalism of kobject infrastructure.
 TMP- This  directory  contains  temporary  files which may be deleted with no notice, such as by a regular job or at system boot up.
 USR- This directory is usually mounted from a separate partition.  It should  hold  only  shareable, read-only data, so that it can be mounted by various machines running Linux.
 VAR- This  directory contains files which may change in size, such as spool and log files.
 
